The Joe Rogan experience. Now, what can be done? Like what,
what can the average person do I see people walking around with masks on wearing
gloves? Is that nonsense.
Largely? Yes. Yeah. First of all, um, let's step back.
The primary mechanism for transmission is just the respiratory route.
It's just breathing, um, in studies in Germany,
which just have been published literally in the last 24 hours. Um,
they actually followed a group of people who had been exposed to somebody in an
automobile manufacturing plant.
And then they had nine people that with this exposure, he said,
if you have any symptoms at all, contact us, we want to follow up with,
and they all agreed. Well, they got infected.
And so in the very first hours just feeling bad, sore throat,
they went in and sampled the throat's, their, their saliva,
their nose for virus, they did blood, they did stool, they did urine.
And they found that at that very moment, when they first got sick,
they had incredibly high levels of virus.
Sometimes 10,000 times that we saw with SARS in their throats,
meaning they were infectious at that point already.
And they hadn't even had symptoms yet of really any nature they were coughing
yet. Wow. And,
and that's where we're concerned because that's the kind of transmission,
you know, I always have said trying to stop influence virus, transmission.
Let's try to stop the wind. You know, we,
we've never had anything successfully do that other than vaccine.
And we don't have a vaccine here.
So what's happening is that people in public spaces are getting infected and the
way you need to address that is, unfortunately if you're older,
over 55, you have some underlying health problems, which unfortunately,
a lot of Americans do. We have, uh, obesity then right now,
you don't want to be in large public spaces.
You're trying to potentially get infected.
So you can take care of that part as far as what can public health do.
We're not going to, we can talk about this.
We're not going to have a vaccine anytime soon. That's happy talk. Um, what we,
you know, we can close schools. One of the big challenges we have right now,
if we close schools, what do we accomplish in influenza virus when you,
we close schools during outbreaks,
because it turns out kids are get infected in school.
And they're like little virus reactors, you know,
they come home and they transmit it to mom and dad and brothers and sisters.
And, uh, so we closed schools.
Sometimes it's Christmas breaks are always great for kind of putting a dampening
effect on flu. In this case,
kids are not getting sick very often at all,
which is one of the really good news features of this disease in China.
Only 2.1% of the cases are under eight, 19 years of age. And why is that?
You know, we don't completely know. Uh, and,
and I'm going to come to that in a second because they're getting infected.
It turns out one study showed that they still get infected with the virus,
but they don't get sick. And we have that happen.
There's a disease called infectious hepatitis, hepatitis a,
where we have outbreaks and daycares.
And the way we know we have an outbreak is cause it's transmitted through the
stool.
Fecal oral is mom and dad and the daycare providers all get sick and the kids
don't symptoms. We go in and test the kids. They're all positive.
So some diseases will manifest my primary when you're adult, but not as a child.
This one appears to be the same. So do we close schools or not?
If we're not really spreading the disease,
because it turns out that if we close schools,
a recent study done showed that 38% of nurses today in this country who are
working in the medical carrier, have kids in school.
And if suddenly we're closing schools for two or three months,
who's going to take care of those kids.
Yeah. Not even 10 years, nine years.
So I actually started a MMA training as just a
key to keep fit while I was playing rugby league. So I was, uh, you know,
that was when I was 214 pounds. So that's something that, uh, you know,
obviously, uh, when we're, when you,
when I'm fighting and you say 240 and it'll slow getting up.
Your language, you,
you guys have that Australian language saying things different [inaudible]
sounds.
Like two hundred forty two hundred and forty.
4 Cents. Yeah. But still is ridiculous.
A hundred percent, you know, I'm five foot, six on a good day. You know, Lena,
give me a good stretch out, do some yoga sessions. I might make five,
five foot six, but you know what I mean? It's just a lot bigger.
And I wanted to stay fit in between, in between, uh,
like sort of the season preseason.
So that's why I w I went and started and just loved it ever since.
So that was about, yeah. Again, nine years ago.
So, and holding now, uh, 31. Yeah. We'll get you.
Gorilla. Oh, you're there. You guys see, look at the.
Sides of you. Jesus Christ. You're 31 7 head. So you were, you know, early,
early twenties and no martial arts training. You're all before that.
I wrestled. So I wrestled, uh,
before I even done rugby league or wrestled for about probably a year,
I can't even remember. It was a, you know, honestly I was,
I'd done it for about a year and, uh, you know,
I'd done pretty good or something that I was actually pretty good at, but,
you know,
I wanted to play football with my mates and I got over wearing the tights,
you know, wrestling and stuff like that. So, uh, you know,
it was just something that, you know,
I ended up just playing football with a mate,
so I sort of gave it up and I was actually pretty good at it.
So we wonder when the nationals luck, you know, obviously it's the,
wrestling's not as big in Australia as it is over here, but, you know,
I still won like Australian championship twice and stuff like that,
but then I just, I just gave it up and started. Yeah.
So that's crazy. So you won the Australia nationals twice?
Yes. Wow. Yeah. So that was, uh, yeah, they have them every year. Just.
Different training for a year.
You don't see done it for a year. Honestly.
I remember we used to have a game night. We call us at a,
PCY say police boys club. It's just a local club.
Usually they'll have like games nights and they had wrestling there. And, uh,
I just went there one time and the, you know, the trainer was just like, oh,
you should come and do training because I was doing all right.
So I just started doing it. And then I was actually pretty good. Again.
I was always like, I literally, you know, come out the mother's womb like this,
you know what I mean? So I've been, uh,
I've been this big since I've been this big or, you know,
this side and it looked this old luck for, you know, since I was like 12.
So I was always,
I was always verse and guys twice the size of me and you know what I mean?
So I was older, much older as well. And, uh, I used to do well.
So that's what a lot of people thought I was mad. You know,
when I gave that up because I was doing so good.
And then the same as the rugby league, when I played rugby league,
even people thought I was mad given that up as.
Well, because there was something I was pretty good at as well.
You want to you and Jay check who's the former strawweight champion.
She had a fight with this woman, uh, Zhang Wei Lee,
who is the strawweight champion from China is crazy epic.
Like one of the best fights in history at the end of it,
you want his head like a Frankenstein forehead.
Imagine me. Yeah. Look at her forehead.
Now imagine me with makeup on standing next to her. That would be ridiculous.
Right? I refuse. I look.
At my foundation.
They were like, well, we're just going to cut down on the shine.
Who gives a if I'm shiny. Yeah. Literally no one cares. Yeah. She's got a.
Double forehead.
Now it's a double triple for her.
Everything's falling back. Is it back down? I don't know. She hasn't.
Followed up. She hasn't taken.
That's what she looks like normally beautiful lady. She's so tough.
That lady is as tough as human beings can possibly be. Oh my gosh.
Cause she like never even flinched her foreheads twice. The size of normal.
She didn't even flinch kept throwing bombs. It was amazing. Yeah.
Epic. How.
Long did it go? Five rounds, five rounds, 25, whole minutes of chaos.
And it was even the whole fight.
The whole fight was like back and forth and back and forth, back and forth.
It was amazing.
Are you guys super bummed out when people like throw one punch and the person
falls down? That's it? That's.
Yeah. It's exciting. Yeah. The sport is crazy. You know, it can happen that way.
We're like, there was a recent fight where Donald Serone, um,
fought Conor McGregor and Connor in the clench.
Conor McGregor slammed his shoulder into Donald's nose and broke his nose.
So they came out of clinch, like seconds into the fight.
His nose is bleeding and then he got a head kicked and he got pummeled and they
stopped the fight in 40 seconds. Oh my God.
And everybody was bummed out because there was this huge pay-per-view event.
It's a big deal. But that's part of,
what's crazy about this sport is that it's the fighting in either boxing,
kickboxing or MMA is the only sport where you can end it early. Right?
Like football goes the distance.
Right. Three or four. Yeah.
Four hours. Yeah. Baseball goes all the innings. It's like,
that's just how it goes. Yeah. But fighting can end in 10 seconds.
We've had fights that have ended. I think, well, who's got the record now.
It was Duane Ludwig. But that's what I took it, I think. Right. That's right.
Mom's fidelity eight seconds. But it was like, it's not really,
I don't even think they gave it a, I think they said it's five, but I think it.
What do you do at the live event? Everyone's just like, all right.
Well, it is 12 fights. Gotcha. So that was just one fight out of many, many,
many, many fights in the Moscow.
Yeah.
If you ever watched one live, not.
Live, but on TV, you should go.
I'll get you tickets, Google crazy.
Are you, are you not traveling because of this?
I'm not changing.
Yeah. See that's my wife asked me a lot. Like she,
she was really concerned about me coming here and um, I was like, dude, we go,
we got to sell a game.
I just got back from Vegas. And I was a little nervous while I was over there,
but I did everything normal. I went to work out. I, I, you know, I ate, uh,
went to the fights, which is, you know, 20,000 people at the T-Mobile arena,
all stuffed into this one area and everybody was acting normal.
Everybody was high five and a hug. And then fighters. I mean, Jesus Christ.
When I'm talking about people exposed, you know,
they're sweating and they're half naked Tyson. Fury's.
Trying to lick that dudes blood. I mean, I don't think he's worried before.
That was before the big outbreak. Yeah. I I'm.
I'm worried about old people. I'm worried about my parents. For sure.
I'm worried about, I'm worried about people who were overweight. You know,
I have friends that are not healthy that maybe she'd lose some weight and I'm
worried about them. I'm worried about people with respiratory problems,
you know, um,
a good friend of mine has a daughter who has cystic fibrosis and he canceled his
tour. Shout out to Everlast. He canceled his tour because of that. I mean,
but he's got, you know, a real concern. I mean, his,
his daughter has a pretty serious lung condition. That is really scary.
Horrible. Yeah. And so look, you know, he's got no choice.
He has to stay home and play it safe.
And I think a lot of people are going to do that. You know? Um,
it's gonna be interesting to see how the government handles it because one of
the things about love or hate Trump,
he's willing to do some that's a lot of people would think it would be
unpopular, like closed down traffic. Yeah. Closed down, uh,
flights coming in from other,
other countries that are infected that have high rates of infection. You know?
I mean, uh, I wonder what they're going to do and something,
I think something really radical has to be done to try to start this slow down
the S this illness, but I don't know what they can do honestly.
Are we waiting for it to, I got to watch your show with the sky.
Are we waiting for it to go away? Like I read a quote that like,
when the weather changes it'll it'll stop or something.
That's horseshit. Yeah. Um, Michael Oster home, uh,
set of straight on that that's nonsense. He's like,
that's not going to have any effect on it.
What happens is it just runs through the population and people develop immune
systems that can handle it. You develop an immunity once you catch it.
And for many people, it's just going to be like a bad cold for many people.
It's going to be like, you're coughing and you're and you just,
you just try to get better, stay home, drink a lot of fluids, be healthy,
do your best and, uh, eat healthy and then get out.
You're going to have an immunity to it. And that's, what's going to happen.
On the other end, I saw one guy, um, he had it and it was fairly mild.
And then the quarantine and he got over it,
he was getting over it and getting better.
And then they quarantined him with a bunch of people that also had it.
And then he got it even worse, which interesting. Cause I was like,
wonder how he got it again.
And I guess probably his immunity wasn't fully developed yet.
And then it just overwhelmed his, uh, immune system. Cause there was, you know,
he's basically quarantined with a bunch of other people that were really,
really sick,
but he got through it and he was talking about it and all these poor people that
are stuck on boats. Oh my God.
It's crazy.
This is going to kill the cruise ship industry. Yeah. I guarantee you that.